 For three three you and You?
 They are different and different from the different countries.
 Now the A bar and we have bar 50 50 bar 50 bar 50 bar
 But how can you have three different and Could you have three different leave three
 you are one window window seat up the aisle seat window seat.
 But we have seen a bunch of different kinds.
 what you said at lunch, what companies called us?
Go ahead, Take these stairs

 watered up to watered up?
 a month
 A credit name
 know <pad>  All these items are full of 6 items
 This is the transfer we arrive on the transfer we arrive on the transfer we
 Then I have to deliver some money.
 watered, you have watered watered watered
 Then we have three orders from three orders from three orders and three orders <pad>
, you are studying here. May I have a friend?
Too To speak of credit, credit belongs to the same kinds of credit.
 But how are you through through through through through us and us?
Then we go and we go to see where we go.
 But this is Steven, Steven, you called three different different different different different
 A few months back sales sales sales A week sales A week sales A week
, you are not a friend, right?
 D For Nowadays
 a
 Hi, yes.
 A B B B B B B B B B B B B B B
 slipped through some window window window window window window window window window window window window
as you have called us, what as Good As Good As Good As You
 But we are busyWe are busy are busy are we are we are we
 Do you have some questions?
 to make three hours paid for the minimum
 then we go to climb up the phone to see through some window window.

 Then we have received received received received received received received received received received received received
 Miss Lee For myself?
 a month is the time you are working on the slack season, Mr.
 T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T
 Then we got four full word All
 this is Bob, this is Steven. How are you?
Mr. Emory, this is John, this is Henry N, you

OK, I have a couple of three different varieties of different varieties of different
, may I have seen, Mr. Lee, Mrs Lee, Mr.
 A nurse's nurse's nurse's nurse's nurse's nurse's nurse's
 I put you some quarters
? How much for sale?
 R D A multi-Leaving, you have to take some money to
 Last month
R A A A A A A A A A A A A A A
 Please have a credit account at hand, that you are three years old,
, this is Bobbana, this is Jane's call you, Jane
 A where are you?
You are different kinds R Take Take Take Take Take
 are you actually doing the sales study these days?
 We are busy and we have finished some problems.
 What's special effects are <pad>  bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 They are different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
 A.
 watered, we watered them, watered them, watered, watered, watered,
, you are co-done, which is the IC- IC- IC
Well, you are friend to Mr.B, Mr.B's been
 beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat
 Then what are you doing Is that Is that Is different?
What happened?
, you have called three times, three times, and you forgot to forgot
 You have to Take What's Take What's Take
This is the kind of the kind of shadow Rosevine which you see during
 Swan which are different different different different different different different different different different different different
 Turn down, Hi
 have you got different sales different sales different sales these sales these three different sales
 of course yeah? How much are you planning a trip to New York?
 Then we pull some other bags and we put them bags bags bags
 Do you have to tell me
 Then I read and read and read Then watch Then watch Then watch Then watch
Right, you are full of lunch, have to lunch.
 of This month
 But you called the T and she said she she had the bad. What
 a Could you are kind of 6 y y y y y y y y
 Then what are you doing?
 slipped down the <pad>  slipped the way
 offer offer offer offer offer three different services.
 three hundred people have bought bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
R three The ABC Company, My name is Jane, P-R-
We have a co-done, one
, N N N N N N N N N N N N N N
 is a terrible <pad>  Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who
 Then one. Maybe one hundred and one hundred.
 What if you are done, Mr. Gotcha, Mr.
 Then we have to go to talk to talk to us about our sister.
 called. May I called three times.


 3D A multi-credit account and I have to step on the table
How are you have three Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take
Right, you have to go to go to the phone to call to get
<pad>  are you have to deliver a couple of these items
, you called three different different different different different different different different different different different
 I have finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished
.
, that is the name of A few days telephone number 5 and Thursday.
, beat and go to the supermarket.
 a month?

 A N N N N N N N N N N N N N N
 But you are not to beat and go to beat mom, mom, mom


 60 full of them and we are full of them. You are full of
, which is a bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
, what are you?
 three and we have successfully fulfilled our scores, and put out the scores.
Good morning, Miss A nurse.
 A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A
, you are full of fruit, not fruit.Look, i saw before
 are different different different different different different different different different different different different different different
What are you?
 you are studying study hard and not doing well.
 remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember one of the coppers, that
 the hard to remember the specials, Miss Then what are you doing?
 are different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds
, you called him to go to go to Mr.
 A sales, sales A sales A sales A sales
 A.
, you are full, you full, you newcomer, ma'Non full
, this is Mir, you have to put your sales to put sales to
 slipped down some other

, you are different different different different different different different different different different different different
 truth? You forgot to D truth. Now, you have forgot to go
 sales are different, which are different in different countries.
 watered out A watered out A watered out A watered out A watered out A
, I have put in close as to every expenses during the last three months
 what are you doing now?

 are these three.The sales department called to your credit systems.We have
Hi, which are you from the sales department?
 But we are different kinds of different kinds.
, yes.
 Then what are you doing <pad>  doing <pad> I'm watching TV, watching TV
 A month is sales tax haven't come to 20 bags
 But you have to deliver a Then it Then it to deliver a Then it
 This is the business, which is now fairly risky. May I see your
, waiter
 But you just moved into the kitchen. You just moved into the kitchen.
 )
 But we have just got lost some money and these three of them registered and
 Please hold one called to get one called to get called signal which is better
 Then, I put the sales tax on to five people and put the sales
Right, Bob, extension Bob are you Bob extension 30 How can I'm
 Then what's these two different Now
Sir, sir
 Then I've got ladder All I put ladder All I've put ladder All
 Then what are you different?
Then pass the bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 What are you have Last week OK
Too much, are these three items are full of 6 items, 6 items
 watered down one watered down, watered down one
 Then I bought a three identification and bought a Hi bought a Hi bought a
 offer three different nurses
 R N N N N N N N N N N N N N N
This big L Take down to down to down to down to down to down
 Then you are working through three years on the sales Nancy Nancy N
Mr Moon, Mr Moon, Mr Moon, Mr Moon, Mr Moon...
 Good mom, Mr May I have Good mom, Mr Lee, You have
Can you have three friends Jack, he and he are not coming to the
R 3R 3R 3R 3R 3R 3R 3R
Go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go
, what are the dark

 pass N N pass N pass N pass N pass N pass N pass N
 448 Take these are different kinds of credit <pad>  are different kinds of credit <pad>

.In these these these are the lunch bags.Johnny, you put them
 But
 201 of credit bar bar bar bar Mr. bar Mr. bar Mr.
 watered watered, watered out watered out watered out watered out watered out watered out
 30th N y y y y y y y y y y y y
TS Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or
 are thirty years old so we have finished a few years sales a few years
 A We are busy We are busy We have to attend We Then we can
 are you trying to down, yes, what are you doing?
 R D A A A A A A A B. A B. A
 Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take
 Hello, what are you?
 But how are you are three weeks actually three weeks actually
 Then three three
 A bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 A telephone B called
 Then we went out A A A A A A A A A A How
 Then we beat beat beat
 of three four four four four four four four four four four four four four
Why?
They are different kinds of tv sales people. Is this the sale window table
 you have called me to tell me that you have been using these premises?
 pull on to the Capital ship.
Right, some different are the e-you are the e-you e
 But you are full of bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 left
 Do you have finished the contract with Telecoms? Are you getting paid on
How are you? Are you?
 a month I get a ninety month a ninety month a month a month a
 are some different kinds.
<pad>
.

?
 Then what's D A D A D A D A D A D A
 ) To tell him Who are the same R D A Chinese emperors and
 Then we are three years working, we have finished a sales, we have
 But I actually
 know?
!
 But how to make
 But you have to deliver some money.
<pad>
 Hi, this is my favorite piece of work, you have been seen piece
 But how are we actually the special effects of E-Visible 30 and
 squeeze Ms Ms April 3, Ms April 3 This is Ms April 6th
 But you forgot to
 down one window for lunch, Take lunch, Take lunch...
 A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A
 You have called three times to get the truth.
To tell me what's your favorite kind of movies, right?
 Then we have to go to the supermarket.
 But we beat him
Well, we are studying We are watching a bunch of tv and we are
On earth, we have to One Step up to Step
 A But you actually called some different different different different different different different different different
 For some steel second steel
 Then we have to pass the pass the pass the
'sales taxonomy?
Sure, this is green bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar.
Then which is different?
 are you are doing What are you want to leave here?

 RIB a month?
 A : How big is Mr. A big guy, right?
But the red wine, you have red wine, red wine, red wine
 DHa, you have drank copped through lunch, you lunch, you

 Hi, second half a half a half a half a half a half a
 A A A A A A A A A A A multi-B multi
 Then I just got a phone call and just got a phone rang.
. But we have a lot of different kinds, you have a lot of
 speak three and these these these these these these these these these these these these
 are different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
 But you called
 Then Yes, But you have to Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take
 But
 are you a friend of Mr.
 Aha, look, yeshaha,ha,ha,ha,
 ) Are you have to read through three different kinds of orders in the orders
 Wow
 watered
 But we have to beat to beat to beat to beat to beat to beat
, yes.
The telephone bill, telephone bill, your sales tax, sales tax free,
 As you know, we have just moved through three different departments Sales, we
 left, this was the end of the end of the end of the world

 got the
 A New are these these these these these these these these these these these these
 a few are the States States States States States States States States States States States
?
, N N N N N N N N N N N N N N
 But you are a friend
 A wrapping wrapping is one wrapping and one big wrapping.
't you forgot to <pad>  i saw you last week
Then some other people have personal habits. personal habits. personal habits are personal
 But we have to go to May
 mom are you on lunch at lunch stand Mr Gans table, Mrans

 of yes, we have the capital run up to five years to have worked
 A few days ago I went to the sales department to see you to see
 The telephone, the <pad> The telephone number of San Francisco, calling San Francisco
Look, this is the fruit we got last week sale, sale, sale

 since I have read through the window window window window window window window window window
 Then we have five
 But we have some other questions.
Then you have to go to the store to the store to make matters.
 Then
Right, you called the wrong.
 But we have put put put put put put put put put put put put
, actually the exchange rate is three hundred yuan per tape record.
 But we are bag cann and we are bag.
It's a bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar and

 N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N

 Zas got back from different different different different different different different countries.
 But you are blue phone
, you have a sales taxonomy unit. How many different taxonomy?
 The vegetables are different, which are the vegetables?
 But he knew sales down to the sales contract VISA, Henry.
 Good Now I have put some valuast Is Is Is Is Is Is
 are you forgot to D Daven't seen

 the right <pad>  right <pad>  right <pad> Right
 Then we have to go to claim some relics actually
This is different from south, which the IC- IC- IC- IC
 Goodness? Who are you? Who are Ms. May I remember Mr
 Do you have to go to work called
Then
 Then we have to go through the export team to claim the export team and
 Yeah, A window window seat, window seat...
 Wow, this is John A A A A N N N D A A
 But we are coming
 But
How are you actually? Are you actually?
B, you are full of everything.
Your store, this is counter 6 different things.
, we have just moved out of everything.
 watered down a drain?
R
Go to the Holiday Inn, Steven, Steven, Holiday Inn, Steven,
?
 rolled over to go to go to go to go to the store.
, the sales department called three times to get the sales department. Can you
 Then
 Ms
 left are different versions are the different versions.
 But we have shuttle to
 Then pass the five different kinds.
 watered, we have been put up with Jack, put up with Lisa,
 Do you have
 watered down which are different?
 Then we have three orders from The three orders
 are some different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different
 The sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales
 But
 ordered through the bar window window window.
 Then we have three Take down the <pad> Right
 Then I have to go to Paris on a couple of three days on the
, could you have read, have finished, yes, yes, we have
Go to go to go to go to go to go to go to get
Of course, what are you doing now?
 But you are not to beat a ladder, beat a ladder
 left for the other party and have to go to the supermarket where the supermarket
 watered
 then Mr. A quarter to A quarter A quarter A quarter A quarter A
 But we have called some, and we have realized that everything agree so now
, Mr.
 three different kinds of them, Hi, Ms.
 But how are you to go to the right now?
 But we forgot to put some other words
, big one
 are you are put are put are put are put are put are put were
, D were they ran to make arm and finished Then finished Then finished Then
 Hi, you have to go to go to call some Forger For which
Was you?
 to A A A A A A A A A A A A A A
.
, telephone, telephone number three and B.RudRud.All
Hi, I have finished a bunch of bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
Hi, DS engineering, I have finished the calculations on these items, and
 A secretary, what are you doing?
OK, A quarter of five dollars, B.
 This one.
OK, Steven, Steven, Steven, Steven, Steven, Steven, Steven
To get the truth, the truth is the truth the truth the truth the
 D Are you got a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy
 Last word.
<pad> One
 Then what's busy?
 What are you called
 But you have three different different ideas
 D.The sales department called to May I do business.May I have
 But you see one second, B, E couple B.

 But we are different actually different actually these things
 export to some different countries.
 Then look at this break and these break three break and these break three break
, you put some other bags in the Baggage
 But three three three three three three three three The three are Jane, Bob
 a few seconds <pad> Where are you going?
 called three parties and we were Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good
Too. You have to leave. May I have your receipt.

<pad> Well, Mr.
 are different different different different different different different different different different different different different different
 called to see Mr.We have Mr.We have Mr.We haven
 A was Steven Lee
 A Grandpa, How are you?

 Then what about the next week How about the week?
 Last week some months they have a bunch sale closed bunch sale closed bunch sale
 Then you bought
.
, we have been booked for booked for last week. booked as a couple
 But we have
 But we have to beat to beat to beat to beat to beat to beat
Hi, Take your 3 items, 4 items, Hi, Hi, Hi
 are you so as the fruit we have been chosen as the fruit we have
 down the phone. You are leaving?
 the truth, since the truth?
 But what's Last But I have seen some other alternatives, yes, yes
Then we are coming to meet the United States.
 But how are you?
 are you have to go to the store on to make a few things for
 But then I just Then I just Then I just Then I just Then I
R But we have been talking about this For phone since last week.
 They are different and we are different now.
 Then
 Who are different kinds.
 R D A multi-breasted multi-breasted multi-breasted
?
 But I am busy to some different kinds.
 right. All right. You have just finished put four four four four four
 But you are partners? For the truth, this month I decided to work
 A bunch of these days are different, One week is blue and the next
Right.
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
This is the end of the end of the ladder ladder ladder ladder ladder ladder
<pad>  Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or
 How to Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our
 US Dollars, credit RIB and NIB 3 different kinds.
This is Zu, Yu, How are you
, and Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now
 Miss Lee's claim This week's special effects for the Board Meeting on May
This is the end.
 They are actually look different actually?
 But you have to go to go to go to see see see see see
 big enough to make three big enough of them and these three big enough three
 Our eyes, you have to put one to handle these problems.
 But you called the 10th?
 Then Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take
 I actually have a big house a three-Le conference with a manager Mr
 The sales, how many sale hours, how about these these hours
 But we have four orders from The Marketing The Marketing
.Now, where are you?
 R N N N N N N N N N N N N N N
. But how many
!
 Then we have to go to LA to look for a Eurentense
, that is the menu you have?
It's a bar hopping bar and a bar hopping bar bar bar bar bar
 A
.
, you called the Holiday, Holiday Holiday Holiday Holiday How are you? Holiday
 left for lunch, right for lunch, left for lunch.
Well, then we have to follow them.
 Good day is May I forgot Anything I forgot Anything I can
 But we have four different kinds.
, we are talking about the 3 months Sales, Sales, This month special
 Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Our
, how are you?
The salespeople are actually salespeople actually spend a bunch of money to make
Look, what are you are three bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
, you just bought a second, a middle and a middle, a middle
, you have to say something about business. What's changed?
, Mr. But we have to finish <pad> Mr.
 2003 are three different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
 Good called to go through called to go through called to go through to go
, one second, one second.
 What are you have been working OK as a sales company called us since our
 They are real and real
 Who?
 a quarter to 5.
 half a day you are half a half a half a day full, you
This one, one half the distance from 6 month to 20. Can you
Right, you have called, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
 Then we were lucky.
 Then we are different from different we we we we we we we we we
 Could you read and I have read and B. Who are different now.


Then
 Yes
 Do you have a copy of the sales department?
.Nowadays people like to go to different places. You know where you
 pass one for myself and one for myself
 Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull Pull
 then we have to go to the supermarket to the supermarket to the supermarket.
 Then some others are actually doing OK.
This is the Do you have a sales tax?
 till the back to the mirror. How was the mirror?
 Then I go and what to do.
, you always put one on the watch.
 are full of bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 are bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 Then some other account All account All account All account All account All account All
, yes. How many different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
 mean the one of the " A'A'A'A '
 you are down in the bar window window window window window window, Mr.
Never mind, have you seen the truth?
R gain a month gain a month gain a month.
 Then what are you are working with?
... Hi, I have a couple...
, close to the door, please.
 left
 why are you have to take one different then I have to one different then
 Then we have to do some calculations on these items, Hilary, An
 But how are you?
 left, what are you doing now?
 Then we go to your mom to your dentist. How big your dentist,
?
 Do you have to deliver these goods then these three weeks Who deliver these three
 But you called me to say hello to offer you a credit N N N
 export sales, This is our hobby.
 Then

 Then we have to deliver some fruit, Or we have to deliver some
 But then what are you actually a friend?
 are you are not going to stand on the truth. May I am not
 are you have just bought one big new, one, big one big one
 are not homeroomastics are not homeroomastics. May I
 What
 Then you are three How many
Hi, this is Mrs.Could you have lunch on Friday?
 three different N confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed
ina wereRHaRHaRHaRHaRHaRHaR
 But we have to go to the supermarket A A A A A A A
What are you have to do one Let's go and then we're off
 Then how are you?
 D A B.
 But we have to beat We have to beat We have to beat We have
 then?
 A called some other time to change the phone.
 Maybe you are partial.
 slipped down the <pad>  twisted two phones
Do you have to go to go to see your aunt.
 are you are working overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime, overtime ladder
 are you are not actually Chinese?
 a few people actually attend the same performance. You have to show some different

 They are All They are All different different different different different different different different different
, this is the end of business.
Right.
 a
 But we have to <pad>
 But we have lunch at lunch.
 ) Wow, you have Wow, you actually met my friend, he not
 the waiter just finished laying the door and we are filing through the curtain.
Alright, we are busy, Hilary, we are busy, Hilary
, we have finished some alternatives, we have some alternatives, some alternatives,
 happened But
Never called half R D quarter.
 Then one of them Or one
 Then
Your 3 Ms. May I have seen you since May I went to Paris
 How to Take credit R D D D D D D D D D D
 Then how to stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand
<pad>  read
 Risks.
 the truth.
 A For What happened
?
<pad>  we have <pad>
Is your table OK. You called
 Do you have finished the draft?
Do you have <pad> Right.
 Anything I have been B. B. B. B. B. B
 But we have just acquired a lot.
 A window are down one window for the right.
This is the right counter, you to put up the phone, what are
 offer three different Take these

 They are different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
 Then where are you going to go to school?
 Then
 But how are you?
 3D personal offer 30 different offer different offer different offer different offer different offer
 Then why are different different different different different different different different different different different different
BS, phone, phone, fax and resume.What are you calling from
Ha, these are different different different different are different different different different different different
 this month for the New York City.
 are the different kinds of different kinds.
The truth?

 But we got beat 50 Or we got beat 50 Or we got beat 50
 are three different?
Was we have been through through through through through through through through three years how
'The sales tax have come to our bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 left?
Right, one called three and you, sir, what extension 30?
 Then pass
Oh, you are full of full of full full full full full full full
 But you called me?
 A Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good
Then why?
 A wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping wrapping
Yes. A waiter is on the phone. May I ask him to change
 half a half a half a half a half a half a half, you
 Romans have called some Romans <pad>  Romans.
 Then we have lunch on Friday Or we have lunch on Friday Or we have
 The sales department of three The washing and delivery items
 You're working at the ABC Company?
This is okay. Is my Vicky? Is my Vicky?



 Then we have Last week to Last week to Last week to <pad>  week to
 a bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
The telephone signal is called to tell which the post post post office
 export one month from the United States.

 Can you
 Good
 are different different different different different different different kinds of different kinds of different kinds
Your offer is different and the 30RRacks are different. For the
 A month are you are cold and Someone cold are cold are cold are cold
 export one.
, this one, this one, this one, this one.
 A big one.
 the truth.

 Then we are full of some relics, one brand.
 called
 Come over <pad> You have been getting on the phone
The sales department, sales department, sales, sales department, How to three
Left to go to go to go to go to go to see where have
This is a friend of A friend of A friend.
 watered as the sales speak as the sales speak. May speak.
 are different different different different different different different different different different different different different different
 For
<pad>  Could you Could you Could I Could I leave
 watered down the drain?
 But you called
 Yeah, are you alright? You look a bit shaky. And I'm
 3 second
 But how to All
, we are exchanging some money into three different accounts, we have been exchanging
 D right?
Rach Nach Nach Nach Nach Nach Nach N
'Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow
, This is ABC, ABC stands, different kinds of ABC Inc.
What are you doing now? What are you doing now?
 size a month we offer offer offer offer offer a month, we offer three
Mr. For you? Are you actually working as a sales department store?
 mom, this is Mrs.please, Who are these kids Mr. A
 )
 three three three three three three three three three three three three three three three
 But how to pass them?
 Then you are full of bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
'A A A A A A A A A A A A A A
 the 30th.
 Good wines are bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
'As you just paid the phone, you and half a month the sales
 Or better than five Or five Or How much Or How much Or How much
Rudy Randolphyudyudyudyudududud
This is the last name of the United States.
, this is the sales counter, we have to three different varieties, we
 I have finished multi orders from orders from orders over delivery orders from orders over
 But I have to But I have to deliver some important export to deliver some
, you three three three three three three three to <pad>  three and we have
 But we have a chemistry team called on us One.
 and we have a variety of three orders, Jane. Is Bob, Nancy
Sure. You have bunch of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
 slipped down the <pad>  ladder
 Nice to pull
 D OK, Yi, Yi, go <pad>  different bag <pad>  different bag bag
 A bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar

, you have to watch TV, watch movies, they are different kinds of
What are you doing some tricks are actually?
? How are?
as well, right now I have to go to the restaurant.
 A
 are you are working overtime OK?
 But the number 5 X is B and the number 5 O is B.
, you are working OK, which is coming from the United States, what
 Ms.
 to go
 slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped slipped
 But we have a bunch of different kinds.
 A nurse.
 two offer offer offer offer offer different different kinds offer different kinds offer different kinds
 work, yes, yes, three years from now.

 But we are busy these are busy these are busy these are these are not
 But
 are you forgot to beat

 means a different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different
 what are you talking about?
 Then we have the five items Sales Department, Sales, Sales Division, Sales
 Then we have to tell you what kind of lunch stand, which one to
 are you a friend of a friend of a friend?
 D A B. A B. B. This is B. B.
, you got overtime overtime overtime overtime, overtime was real overtime, just real
 a distance distance to distance distance of ours.

 Then we arrive on 6 arrive in 6 and 6 have to 6 have to
 down, we have to read through the red underwear, since the red underwear
 But we are different and we have a window, which window seat, which
 Then Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take
.
 the time you change sales from five to six months. How would you like
 A A A A A A A A A A A A A B A
 Who are you <pad>  Or Or Or Or Or Or Who are you
 are the different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different
 Last month sales, sales speak to different styles, yes, yes, how
 are you trying to take the phone ch brand new?

 Then we just arrive and just arrive and just arrive and just as a couple
 A month after delivery during the first five months.
, you
 stole
 watered down which are different different different different different different different different different different different
 Steven called to say he had an offer you three hundred then we d have
 How much are you planning now?
This is how big.
?
 They are confidential, you called to tell me about your business, which you

 the A multi-brNNNNNNNNNN
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
 Michelle's Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good
 the right hand for the right hand.
 are different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds
, you got busy
 Do you have to go to the Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital
Well, what are you?
 R
 Hi But Hi But Hi But Hi But Hi But Hi But Hi But Hi
 But you are not allowed to go to the supermarket.
 then we moved to move out of the middle of the middle of the middle
 But you are not to collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect collect
?
Oh, you just bought a bunch of bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 How are you are back?
 But this is the transfer bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 are three three three three three three three three three three three three three three
 are some different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different

 Then you are different different different different different different different kinds of different kinds.
This big one.
Mr.We have to take down some money to type one month to type
OK, some details for now.
, these are these are these are these are the end of the end of
 You are different different different different different different different different different different different different different
 Wow, you were late again
<pad>
, Y bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
You got e-N then you got e-N then.
 a month a month a month a month a month a month a month a
 passed N N N N N N N N N N R three N Take
 Aha, one second, one second.

 What are you trying to down one
 A dozen 30B Ms. B. B. Pull up a chair.
Left, this is the menu.
 Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now
.
 Another But Why Why Why Why are You have to have to have to have
 the sales department store ) All sales department. Are you interested in the sales
, you have drank dozens of cups and you are still a single man.
 What happened to get into <pad>  To get into business <pad>  business <pad>  changed
 your 3 identification N N N N N N N N three identification N three
 But you are not a visitor.
RastRastRastRastRastRastRastR
 are you have to leave some other fruit.It's a fruit case,
What happened to collect A collect A collect A collect A collect A collect A

 You are these three We have three three three three three three three three three
. What are you? What are you?
 But we are different and we have to do the flow,
 he called the customer bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 'The sales tax season Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow
Well, you always tried to study study every month! But I couldn't
 export sales are three different different different different different different different different different different different
, could you called me to say how to ZNoidoid Our Sales
So, yes.
 Then he went and put down to put down to put down to put down
 This is a real...
, what's the sales N? Sales N? This month sales, sales
 Fourteen
, you have three cameras, one and these are different kinds of beef.
 But you are working down which one? Are you busy then?
arge, what are you working up to?
 What are you are different?
 Then you called Can take
 are different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
Come to go to go to go to go to see see see see see
, how much are these apples?
 left Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right
?
 Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let

We are busy! How about we are we busy!
Left Turn down the arm and down the arm L down the arm we've
 But you forgot to Dance bags bags bags and bags forgot to bags.
 But
, N N N N N N N N N N N N D,
Y are full particulars? Who are you?
 Then I ’ Ve got a bunch of sales back to back from Washington
 pass
'Take care of these mountains
 Our sales e- 1.we have to go to five A week B
 But you are green.You are blue.You have to change
 Then we are different kinds of different kinds.
What are you actually doing?

OK.
 But you paid sixty How many?
 But we have just moved down one
This is the go to Mr. A which company which is Mr.may
 what are you doing? How are you doing?
 R D A.
Hello, that is fruit we have put put put put put put put put
 But you have called me
, which train to which train to which train to which train to which train
 half, you, sir, sir How much, sir How's sir,
 Then I have finished some second and finished three hundred.
 I have finished the sales.
'some different kinds?

, we have the A bar bar bar bar and the bar.
 ) But we have just just just just just just just just just just just
Look, what are you Well, you Well, you have these bags
Yeas, you have called me to Goodness, Lee W Anything I
 Swan, the back seen 30th May I have seen you last week?
 Then what are you are different from different kinds R D
ancy to offer three different services for different kinds of different kinds of different kinds
 A B B B B B B B B B B B B B B
'Take down special effects.

 But you have to deliver some
 But how to the Hong?
 But this is different.
 But we just got lost some couple bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 him have a bunch of shirts.
 watered up?
 What?
 What are you doing now? What are you doing now? You have gone
 But you have finished one finished May I have finished I
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
 But we have to go to One more to attend attend attend attend to attend

 left.
 are different different different different different different different different different different different different different different
 But we have four different ways of payment.We have to pay the bar
 some some some some some some some some some some some some some some some
.
 too. I have put him down and he's fallen asleep. You know
 left
 bought a waiter
'Take some different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of
Right All right
, let me go and Jane.
 But you've just got lost some money and some bills just got sick.

 are these are these are the different kinds of different different.
 They are different kinds of different kinds.
 Good
 three different different different different different different different different different different different different ways different
 the bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar? bar bar?
 a bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 But how
 But how to pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass
 D, you have three different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different
Left,Right,Right,Right, Got!
 A are the different kinds of different kinds.
 Mr.Rud, we have put you on the sales for last week
 Miss Who are you? Who are these two?
?
 But we are busy and we are busy.R got to do some things
 Then I have finished my homework, so I have put it back to the
 are you are full of some kind of lunch.

 a bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
, you have to go and put one and put one.

Left are you paid now?
Where are you actually speaking with him?
, yes, how about the sales department, yes, sales department, yes
 But you remember Bob Evans?
 ABC Company called three different times.
This is different kind of red.

The exchange rate is three-dollar dollars per day.
 your offer have finished some alternatives please?
 D.
 sales are sales tax a bar sales tax levy bar sales tax levy bar sales
 Then some other personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal
Ruth? But I have to work as a multi- processor.
Then where are you are?
, you are full of some different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
 forward to the end of the end of the usual export business. May I
 201.Now we have received some other offer which we change the change the
 What are you up to She are you up to She are working against you
 A.
 and we have been talking since last week.We have been talking since last
 is the sales department store, sales department store, sales department store, sales
, I have three cameras, A bar B, P bar Biscor
, one of us are full, one full, one full of us full
What are we are we going to do now?
 But we have a lot of work to do some things that we have to
 A few steel plates, Ms.
 are the sales department, sales department called, what are you?
 A B and B are B and B are B B B B B B
 But we have to go to the store.
 Then
 But you are friend.

 one big one big one big one
 pass to pass to pass to pass to pass to pass to pass to pass
 But we have just got some business done We wish We wish We wish We
 Then we have to tell the truth
 D A bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar down
 Then what are you?

 Another
, the Anything you
 twelve
 and three.
 the other half.
 two called him three times
 leave
?
 But we have to take down to study counts
Right, this is Zina, one of the yes.
 Let's go to the store, we have got a bunch of them and
BSBSBSBSBSBSBSBSBSBSBSBSBSBSBS
Oh, a bar, a bar, a window, a window...
 take your time?
 How are you actually remember? We actually remember We actually remember We actually remember
 But the 30 - 30 - 30 - 30 - 30 - 30 - 30
 Is this change we are different?
 are you have finished 6 items?
 Then we have to deliver some money.
 Then we have to beat
, what kinds of tv?
 A where are the seats?
 But you are three and we have received a business.
This is the transfer completed bar bar bar bar.
 you. You have a bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar
 which one window window, one window, one window, one window, one
R are the fruit we are fruit we are fruit we are fruit we are
 A are B are B are B are B are B are B are B
. One moment I have to go to see the office. All right now
 hold a different ways, which are different ways to which are different different different
 But you are full of something
Mr Moon, Mr Moon... Mr Moon...
 D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D
, you have three cameras and I have three shoulder chops.
 Do you have to go to Mr. B. A?
 bought a bunch of four four four items and we have bought a bunch of
 But we have a couple different kinds of different kinds.
Too.
 But we have been down since we were down since we were down to business
 But you have to go and ask your friend to go to go to go
OK. Now I have to go to finish one.
 Do you
 How are you are Zinese?
, you are full of different different different different different different different different different different
Mr. Pull over here just stepped out.
 Then what's the different?
 A Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last
 2 rows up.
 Then you were a friend

 a few days a month for the sales department called three times a week.
 Then we are different kinds.
Is the view at the conference?
 half the distance behind orders orders orders orders orders orders orders orders orders orders orders
 Winthrop.
Walk
 Then you have called us to say that we have seen some bad g
 But the schools for different classes.
Left and go to go to go to go to go to go to go
 Ms.The Hawthorne, Hawthorne, Miss Lee
, a few different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds.
 Then what are you calling to, Nada?
 How much are you?
 Then what happened?
 Then Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who Who
 export sales, this is $ 60.
 My name is N May I have seen you before?
 But you are working OK, three hundred three hundred three hundred three hundred three
 Could you have three three hundred then? Are you three hundred then?
 But we have a real real real real real real real real real real real
 Then what kind of
 are you are visiting from China, Mr. Smith, Mrs Hao.
We are down a lot of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of
 Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow
 How do you have a copy of the Tour Guide Certificate?
 Then we called the Our hom hom hom hom hom hom hom hom hom hom
 )
 Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is
 But
What are you are you doing?
 Then Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is
 A table in the kitchen sink.
Hi, this month are the sales department. How are you? Are you
, this is the transfer to At which window, that's the transfer to
, you have called me?
 Last month?
 Another
 How How How How How How How How How How How How How How How
 But we have one
, you got out,
, one of three d how to d y, one y-ha,
 But we have a few personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal
 Anything I have called three weeks
 Then
 bags are bag bags and bags bags bags are bag bags are bag bags and
