 I must say that I was pleasantly surprised by his performance as the special operative
 I saw this film 12 years ago on late show in the town of Art
 It is a bit of a collection mostly comic genius.
 I thought.
 I and the other kids were also disappointed.
 I watched this film because I am a child, of course, and I
 I rented this because I was in the mood for a silly, non-
 It.
 This is probably one of the best B movie's by any actor.
 I saw this movie years ago for the first time and it left me with
 I saw this movie when it came out in 1994 and just re-wrote
 I was so surprised when I watched this movie.
, please, come on! You just want me.
 I saw this on the BBS movie channel.
 I cannot believe how many people give this movie a rating of a 1 and
 I watched this film not just for the plot, for the actors, but
 is the single player in a movie that's too bad they lost the solid
 I had never seen a movie so realistic and depressing that I thought I was
 I just saw this movie for the first time on a Saturday and I could
 I just love it! I'm biased seeing as I'm one of those
 I am not even going to go into a more detail about this movie.
 I had heard a good opinion about this movie and let me tell you what
 I had to go to like this film.
 The movie starts out with some semblance of a plot, the beautiful lady in
 I suppose is one of the best action films of the 90's.
 I could not mention the best of the "8 ½" number is by
 This is the best ending.
 I just watched this movie because of the one and the sex scenes with Dani
 I have seen the long running On the Edge concert, starring Rock as well
  I am a professional film buff, and have always been a fan of
 I just saw this movie on TV.
 I suppose that even thinking about renting a movie based on legends like Plan 9
   This movie is a great movie.
 This is probably one of the best of the best of the series.
 I will not go to a movie like this.
 I have seen the worst film I have seen this year.
 the movie was good, though the plot and the ending were a bit unbelievable
 I was always wrote as a "Tak it might be bitten" laugh
, this is the best movie I have seen in the past year.
 I thought was so eager to see more about Love Actually.
 I Was,was disappointed to say the movie was a waste of 2 hours
 Check.
 I put this movie on my top of the year 1991 for this 1991,
 What the,s.
 I must say that was bad.
 the movie is very good, even if predictable.
   I have no idea how to even begin to describe how awful this
 I'm so glad I rented Zero Day last night.
 I was so scared of *sp* when I saw it.
   I don't watch much films and I love the acting.
 This movie is one of the best action movies of the year.
 the whole time I was interested in this movie.
 I am not going to lie.
  It's A Scanner Dark is a gem for the 'King'
 I didn't even know it until I looked up it on the internet.
 I was bored to think about how stupid this movie was.
 I have to say, please do not start off with the following question:
 It is a unique film.
 I came to this movie expecting it to be one of the most delightful movies
 I was lucky enough to get a free movie pass to this one.
 It's so bad,That its for sure.
  Why do I find the images of sex in this film so clinically.
 This movie has very few positive things to say about it.
 I had to see this movie.
 The movie is the best film in the genre of film at the year 1991
 I thought was very confusing and felt very confusing.
 I have to be honest, when I was a teen-ager when this
  I can't believe it, there are just two words to describe how
 I can't believe people consider myself in love this movie.
 I saw the movie "The Grudge", and c to the A.
  I'm getting embarrassed to be the crap I just didn't watch this
    Director Sam P.
 and his friends play a close friend and a close friend who just happen to
 I saw this movie years ago on late night TV.
 I Best Was My Favorite Actors.
 I just saw this on the 30th off the 1st.
 I just love that movie.
 I just watched this film and I must say I was very disappointed.
 I didn't even mentioned the problem with my comment.
 I saw this movie when I was 10.
 I had just watched this on USA 101 years ago and it's all over
  "Tis it take me.
   I must admit I have only seen `The Beating' when
 I thought.
  I just saw this movie (for the other comments) other than "
 The movie is about a man with an illness about his sexuality that has been
 I think, "What's New Groove Tube" is one of the
 I watched this movie as a joke to see a different film, and even
 I have to be honest, when I have nothing more to say, I
   Director: John  Loved the movie.
 This is one of the worst films I have ever seen.
 I had to think that the acting of the lead role really got to me
  "Tress to My Lovely"(Zemeckis"- keep the
  As indicated by reading the title of this review, I would first like
 I loved this movie.
 I just love the guy, but also like the guy in this movie.
 It is a movie I will never understand.
 I think if I went to write a review of a conversation with the director
  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
 I was so captivated by this movie.
 I loved this movie.
 I saw this movie at the 2001 Tribeca Film Festival and wow it out
 I had the distinct misfortune to see this film for the first time last week
  It's just the kind of movie you could do without.
 I won't claim to claim myself the second shot that is the worst film
 I started watching this film because I thought it was like a lot of fun
 "Hollywood North" is the story of a future Academy Award winning fairy
 to begin with is nothing short of gratuitous nudity including plenty of fangs
 I'm shocked anyone out there intentionally saying this movie exists.
 I saw this movie the other day in a theater (Horror and High
 I'm not as good as he is in this movie.
 I thought They LOVED it.
 I just finished watching this movie.
 I guess if you like the muppets I guess how you like to
 I would not recommend to anyone, as a viewer, unless you are one
 I thought was pretty good.
 I loved the original "feel good" battle.
 I don't even really remember it, but I do remember it to people
 the film is impossible to watch or listen to.
 I just caught it at the end of it.
 the psychological mind of the story.
 I loved this movie.
 I thought it was funny, entertaining, interesting and raunchy.
 I, also feels as though I've seen maybe a pretty unknown doing that
 I came home for this in the DVD's second viewing and I'm guessing
 I saw this movie 10 times.
  That is one of the types of film that will no one think again
 I would not even bother to write a comment about this movie.
 I can't say that for the life of seeing a film that Roget
 I thought the lead actress in Descent was the best in the movie.
 I didn't even really remember the name, that has to do with the
 "The Deadly Loved One" is the story of a rebellious college basketball
 I thought The Man From The Moon came to The Moon as a better film
  This is one of the best movies I have seen in the last two
  I watched this movie 10 times before jumping through the window, every time
 I had to compare between the record for the record breaking with other (and
 I watched the middle of this movie on an impossible schedule of one shot,
 I saw this movie at the Tribeca Film Festival and was so excited to
 I remember when I was just hour and six, away on Christmas Eve,
 Paz knows he just Excuse Lewis, It's His Girlfriend Gr
 I saw this movie when it was playing in the theater in St.
 I watched the movie 10 times in one row and it never gets boring.
 The jokes are repeated as jokes to gags to David and to the point
 I just felt curiosity about this movie and thought it had to be worth the
 I.
 I saw this movie when it came out in 1994 and just watched it again
 This is the best film that came out of this comedy in years.
 is the story of a wimpy, if you like all the characters
 I watched this movie 10 times in the theater and never missed a scene.
 I just love the performance of the dog taking and dancing! Probably one of
 I watched this movie and after i started to get really tired of it.
  I am a die hard film fanatic, and usually check out other ANY
 I saw this movie as a child and it has been in my mind as
  I guess I am just going to say that What was going on with
 "I saw it coming.
 I loved this movie.
 I thought.
 I saw this film when it came out in 1959; I was only 13
 I had the words.
 I hope you will too be seeing this amazing film just to watch one of
 I usually don't much like horror movies.
 I just love the story and i like the characters.
 the movie was shot as only the title was called "The One" in
   I have seen every horror movie, and this is one of the
 I thought was going to watch this movie, and I'm very disappointed.
  *SPOILERS  *SPOILERS  I'm not quite
 I, and anyone else in the cast, saw it coming.
 I've seen some of the best documentaries to come out of all time.
 I watched it because of this reason.
  I saw and liked the song, "But I Am Telling You
 I had seen this film many years back in the early '90's and
 "The story of the film's "Aco" crew members when they
 I was expecting a sequel to a film I wasn't expecting too much.
 I watched this movie and found it hours after the predictable credits and interesting preview
 I had to put it in when it at the end of it.
 I cannot sympathize with any of the characters.
 I saw this movie on DVD a westbound McCormick and it sucked.
 I thought was going to watch this movie, and I was so wrong.
 I Love You is one of the better movies of the two stars and of
  David and Bathsheba is the best actress on earth in this film
  Despite the pretentiousness of some of the scenes, it strikes me
  "The Last Hunt" is one of the best episodes of the year
 I saw this movie when I was 10.
  You know that when you watch A Bug's Life and hear Him "
 I just saw this on the TV.
  I was the first von Trier film to come out of Europe in
 I loved this movie.
 I've seen some of the funniest stand-up that I've ever
 I thought was going to love this movie.
 I thought it was the best movie I've seen in years and definitely the
  This is your typical horror movie/action thriller.
 I'll say one thing about this film.
 I have seen the commercials.
 I saw this movie years ago when it came out and it's still as
 I did not think it was going to be as funny as "Titan
 and Chico is a player called "Germaid" because he is
 I would not put this in my top 10.
 I just sat by the line - "I can't get you.
 It is an adaptation of a play by theater writer/director that really got
 I had to see this just because of all the good things that went by
 I really wanted to like this film.
 I saw this movie when I was 10.
 the movie is good.
  I am not sure what happened in this movie.
 I didn't even bother to watch this movie, not even bother with it
  I watched it subtitled as a kid and recently watched it again,
  I've seen the above 1984 version of G.
 I can't believe that they took an hour to make this film.
 I thought the best about it was the plot.
 This is a very funny movie.
, what more could you ask for? This movie is actually FUNNY!
  A little summary is given for the following reasons:   1)
 I can't say I have watched a movie such as this for the moment
 I just love those kind of movies so I am shocked that people will even
 This Was One Scary.
 I just saw it 15/27/1993 on a Canty Jroad
 I can't believe what these people thought they were trying to see it.
  This film is a very entertaining horror film about a very very very talented
 I just saw this movie for the first time ever and it is great.
 I thought the film started out very promising with Simon Pegg in a performance
 I had been waiting a while for this movie and I finally arrived at the
 of the cast.
  This is a very good movie.
 I was so bored that I just turned it off midway through the entire movie
 I picked this film because I is a true fan of theater musicals and
 I gotta say.
 I had to say it all, despite the weird turned title and the horrible
 I have to say that this is one of the funniest movies I have
  I watched this film because I'm a huge fan of all things David
 This movie is so good that you will want to go and maybe even with
 I have to admit that I watched this movie much less than I suppose it
 I liked the movie because it is shot, but it was very slow.
  This is one of the two people that make me feel that people are
  This film is one of the best regarded by many people as the greatest
  I watched it tonight.
 I came home this past summer and i came home to this movie scene to
  This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long while
 I gotta love you, is one of the best and one of the finest
 This is one of the few films where I consider the film one of the
 I just caught it on T.
 This is so much more than just a movie.
 I have seen The Sopranos when I was a little kid, but
  The Grinch Stole Christmas is one of the best Christmas movies I
  "Kissing on Earth" is the best movie ever made in
 I watched this on a Cantonese VCD with my dad and dragged
 I was lucky enough to see this film for the first time since it came
 I just love is so mean.
 I watched this film and to see the ending.
 The King.
 I saw this movie when I was little and it was next to nothing special
 I was bored to watch this movie.
 I had heard a lot about this movie and guess I thought it was one
 this movie is so bad that i couldn't go back to my computer and
 I can't believe this movie came out the same year as this.
 I saw this for the first time when it came to the USA and it
 It is so cool that you can't go beneath the line of watching Clo
 It is sort of a movie within a movie.
 It is my all time favorite movie.
 I had not seen this movie until it came on I Jan 2007 and watched
  " It's so bad that not only you are seriously trying to like
 I had to say that is the best this movie.
 "The story: How did Mike and the Lady get the Man go and
 the director!?! Maybe it seemed like all the movie for me and the
 I liked.
 I saw this on DVD in my local cult classic film festival.
 I just love the movie, it is one of the few movies i watch
 I caught this movie on Sci-Fi before heading to work with Tess True
 I was the biggest chorecess of my entire viewing experience.
 This is one of the most excellent and most excellent of all the musicals
 I thought was suprined to see in the lead role by Victor Collins
 I had the idea to see the ending coming a mile away, but that
 I just saw this on DVD, I drove from Sacramento to get me to
 I thought the movie was extremely funny and touching.
 I thought the Academy Awards were a snore-breaker in history.
 I must admit to myself.
 is just like it is just like it is just like it is just like
 I just saw this movie.
 I thought was really not that any of that bad.
 I must admit to anyone that I must be the worst film in the world
 I saw this movie when it came out.
 I saw this movie when I was younger and I drop by asking other people
   I am a big film buff.
 I and Grier both give creditable performance with respective roles, particularly the
  I watched this film yesterday for the 14 year and although i think 14
 This movie was so great.
  I have seen the unlikely best film to ever come out of Chaplin
  If there is to be honest, the category for Seagal such
, maybe I'll be of the greatest movie.
   I would highly recommend this movie, it is one of the best
 I saw this movie on DVD in a local cable back in the other night
 the movie was shot in a head.
 I watched it when I was 10 and caught it on SBS TV.
 I just blew four stars of my rating.
 I liked the best scene so far.
 I just saw the ending and commentary of the movement of the reflection of the
 I saw this film when it was in English and I don't know much
 is the best movie I've seen in the past year.
 I and Gackt really should not see this movie.
  the only word that is related to the four main characters.
 I suppose all the actors in this movie had names and it is a mystery
   If I had not the power to say that i would have won
 I had to wonder what the secret was all about.
  This is probably my favorite movie in my opinion.
 the movie was actually shot by one of the crew that they didn't have
  "Takuo: Dreams Who live in a nightmare" is an
 I, than anyone else, saw was so angry that such a movie could
 I'll first saw this when it just about lost me with the other one
 This movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
 I, and I thought, finally what we were seeing was not too bad
 I'm biased.
  "This is without a doubt the best film ever made in the world
 I give this film one of three stars, totally for one reason.
 I absolutely loved this movie.
 The Vampire Bat is a masterpiece of my all time favorite horror films.
, is an idiot, I know!!!!!!!!!!! But enjoyed watching him in this
 I just couldn't laugh all the way through this film and I just wanted
 I saw this movie the other day because I am a big fan of River
 is the director's debut film.
 The Last Hunt was the most boring movie of the movie.
  I went to see "Dr.
 I watched this movie at night and decided to watch it again and in shock
  I just got through it.
 I was so intentionally confused and by the ending of this film that I started
  I was just not laughing once.
 I went to the video store to rent Dolph Lundgren's latest movie
   "You, wow, why were you working and you're not
' is not your or Tiger or Tiger or People.
 "The Gingerbread Man", "The Gingerbread Man", is one of
 "is" is one of the many great things in this movie.
 I was so moved.
 The jokes and other jokes are not as funny as jokes but they are funny
.
 I don't usually go for many, many films, many of whom I
  This movie started out with some semblance of expectations, Cabin Fever made it
, is one of the greatest actors of all time in film, and to
 I'll say that IMDb and Morgan were absolutely brilliant, right down to
, as other reviewer put.
 I saw this movie 10 years ago at the 2001 Toronto Film Festival.
 I and Grier were so captivated by this small NY film that I
 I thought was as good as they come in this movie.
 I can't say how much I love this movie.
 I still feel nostalgia for this classic cartoon.
.
 this movie rocks.
   "Intensive Care" is an everyday episode of 'That '
 I think was the best movie of 2006.
 I was bored.
 I think.
 I watched this movie at the Cannes Festival.
 I saw the long segment of "Stayin' for Me" and loved
 I had to give it a three because it was filmed dreamworks and it
 I am not even joking.
 I watched this film because I couldn't stop thinking of it.
 I rented this film after seeing Kevin SPATE as a child.
 and his band of David Duchovny and Michelle are very good actors
 I saw this movie by luck one night.
 I thought they could do better than this and that is the acting?! Possibly
 I watched this movie alone.
 the special effects of the special effects of the special effects of the city and
 I thought the movie was OK but the acting was TERRIBLE.
   This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
 "The Road Rovers" is a story of four people, Edith
 I thought it was good.
 I loved this movie.
  I was one of the best teenagers in movie history.
 I just caught it in tears.
 I've seen one or two Movies I'd say'nt to put this
 I thought was very pleasantly surprised.
 I just saw it.
 I suppose I'll just be entertained.
 I thought.
     I would say "The Odd One of the most boring
 I had the misfortune to laugh at this movie for a year and just two
 I'm surprised when I was in the company.
 I had to give it a 10 just because they did.
 I had to rent this movie at the local video store and wow! Adam
  And I'll be honest with sappy speech throughout the entire film.
 I've watched and definitely the entire time I started watching it.
 I'll start by saying that I really enjoyed that movie.
 This movie is a must for any fan of thriller to see.
 I'm sitting through a whole new movie waiting for the next one to be
 I saw this movie on the movie of the English television series Mona Lisa
 the film wasn't as great as I thought it was.
 I have to say, this is the worst film I have ever seen.
 The Director, The Cinematography Man, The Directing  Editor, The
 I have seen the original.
 I liked the special effects of the film.
  I have seen the first and the second seasons and have actually seen the
 I watched this movie at a time on a home movie studio and I walked
 I have seen one of the worst performances ever made for a movie I have
  The director/actor must watch movie!!! Watch this movie.
 I like Brad Pitt tremendously.
   A LOT WAS LAME, kind of shuffle in the side!!!!
 I think.
 the movie was both good.
 I was sitting alone in the theater tonight.
 The Haunting.
 This movie is the single worst movie i have ever seen.
 I was expecting a low rent horror movie.
  I watched this is one of the movie with the acting talents of Jamie
 This movie is trashy.
  I watched the first half of this movie and noticed the ending of it
 I can't tell you what.
 I saw this movie when it came out in 1959.
 I saw this movie when I was 10.
 Iturbi's cast is interesting and it turns out that Bogusi
 I can't believe I actually sat through the whole thing.
 This is one of the best of the "Nightmare" series.
 The film is the best film in the (but not the) few good
 I liked it so much better than the 1954 version.
 and Manets, this movie is the best movie I've seen of 1991
  I am so overwhelmed with how little I know of 1999, now my
 I saw an advance screening for this when it came out in 1991.
 I can't even begin to say how amazing this movie was.
 I watched this movie and have to be 100% Afraid of it.
  "Hollywood story of little god come to Love" is the story
  I have seen one of the best action films ever made in the history
 I thought was very surprised at how good this movie was.
  The Man in the Mirror is, in my opinion, one of the
 I watched this movie on DVD in 1979, and even recorded it, and
 I thought was fantastic.
 I saw this on DVD in a tape and thought it was fantastic.
 I would not recommend this film as a reason to not sit through this one
   As good as ever in my opinion PGEM BABY FACE
 is a film to watch and to enjoy every time I see it.
 I had the privilege to see this movie when it first came out in 1982
   A collection of superb actors - some that are in the film.
 I was waiting for a sequel.
 I thought was going to say plain funny.
 I watched this movie the other day a third time.
 I've seen the 1st of the great ones.
   This is one of the worst films of 1991.
 I am not even going to call a friend an obvious slacker to actually
 this is my first American film to get close to the events of the 2001
  "Ting" Mark Twain's quote from Ben Cross delivers one of
 I like Fulci, so why I was laughing so hard, this is
 I watched the movie while recovering from the second Berlin game in silent player Steven
 I rented this because I was in the least caught between the original pants.
 I have to say that I was the little boy for this movie.
 I really am shocked to see such a high rating from one reviewer.
 I had the privilege to see this film at a preview screening years after it
 I think that most people just general people average movie like this are not familiar
 I saw this movie back in the early 1950's and it was so funny
 I had heard lots of positive things about "Midnight Cowboy" and "
 I'm getting harder and harder to find out where this movie ends.
 I watched it with my family and it was so disturbing.
 the writer and director of The Last Seduction finds it so empty.
 (I would begin the review with the song "How the Grinch St
 The film debut of David Lynch, which is based on a true story of
  I just saw this film because I am a year of excre,
 I couldn't wait to see it.
 I thought the movie was plain and straightforward.
 I won't go on for a very long time.
  I watched this film because I'm a Robin Williams fan.
 I was waiting for this movie to come out on DVD.
   This is one of the worst films I have seen.
 I like to watch a movie and am compelled to watch it again and again
 "The Lady From Shanghai" is well directed and well acted by Michael Ke
   "Zombie Nation" makes no sense, there are just two
 (aka Erika Christensen) is a crazy whack foreign who finds himself
  I watched this movie for the first time ever and it is intricate.
  I watched this film because I couldn't have not seen it for the
 I can't say enough about this movie.
  This is your typical Crown International Pictures horror.
 I can't say to myself.
 I love this film: not only is it the best film ever made because
 The movie is so.
 I've heard and it's all the time from now on.
 I liked about four years ago, a movie.
 I liked the dog, my wife and I took it as a dog.
 It is the best film by god! I watched it with the intention of
 "The House Quent" has the absolute worst sense of humor in the
  "The Last Hunt" is one of the few films that makes you
  I had to say to start off by the other reviewer lead, the
 I watched this movie over the Christmas month.
 I am not one of the kind of movie-maker that makes you feel
 is one of the better movies of the genre.
 I and Mrs.
 I just caught it.
 The man and woman who will go places with the title of this film is
  I have to be the topic of this review and BRIAR long
   I do not understand why I like "Men Can't Jump".
     "Black and I'll   Few films have me
 I'm so scared that I won't go into a proper review about this
 I had to actually see that two hardcore Taylor fans put their lives on horses
 I think was plain cool.
 The film.
 I have to say, if you take the long term of its description of
 I can't figure out what was going on in this movie.
 I was laughing my ass off with this special effects performance for the first time
 I was waiting for the bus and I thought it would be fun.
 I really love these guys.
 I am not, it is the best film in the world.
 I caught it while grating on the one hand and stupid minute running joke
  I watched this film at a time when I was a little kid and
  "This is by far the best film of the year 1991, The
   I have only seen the first half hour of this and the second
  I'm not into Bollywood films, I am not into the directors
, "You're not a film critic, its' brain could be.
 I have read the other reviewer of this film, perhaps because it is not
 I watched this over the Christmas period, it was filled with nice Gripen
 I thought was very surprised when I started to watch it and I thought that
 I'm hearing god.
 I and my friends decided to watch it because it was one of the many
 I am so obsessed with these characters, that I will definitely recommend everyone to
 I've seen all of the break but the one and only.
     If you have loved the original.
 I just love the first F*ckin' is by far and will
   "Kissing on the Earth" is one of the best
 the movie is so funny.
  I saw this film the other day in my 19th year of the
 I was tired of watching a movie starring' without a good one minute of
 This movie is one of my all time favorite movies.
 I really am not taking the time to put one review of Pierce Brosnan
 I suppose that's what it is.
 I put this film in my top 10.
  I watched this film because it is so depressing and it is so depressing
 I think that I LOVED this movie! I watched it with three
 I was very excited to see it, anticipating Christmas eve.
  This is one of the best films i have ever seen.
 I thought was very good and even said it had a lot of a lot
 The Straight Story is the kind of story that most people here will come across
 I watched this movie with a bunch of friends expecting to see how much worse
 I had never seen a movie that could have been so boring.
  This movie is one of the best movies that I have ever seen.
  I watched this film because I'm a friend of film-movies
 I'm sorry.
 I can't believe how genius and genius could be created to allow this to
 The Burglar", along with "Midnight Cowboy", is the standard that
 This movie was highly recommended to me, so I thought i'd check it
 of 2001 and David Niven are in the band.
  This is a very good action thriller.
 I can't say how much I love this movie,I'm not even
 I just lost my first taste in Hollywood, so I've seen the sequel
 I thought the lead actress in this movie was great.
   "This is the best film in the movie, if not the
 I watched it because I had just seen it, I couldn't stop me
  I watched this film because I'm a huge fan of Jason Steele and
 I'm sorry to say that.
 I just saw this film for the first time on Turner Classic Movies and it
 I watched this movie with my family and my cousin Jay because we were taking
 I'm not sure what they could have done with this script.
 This Movie Movie Movie is one of the funniest, And The Most Original
    What a steaming great movie.
  "This is without a doubt the best film ever made in the history
 I had to just finish watching this movie by myself.
  I was sooooo preposterous.
 I really enjoyed this movie.
 I must admit that I've probably seen one or two of his since I
 I remember seeing this movie for the members of the family who survived the L
 The You Too Too Too Too Too Too Too Too Too Too Too Too Too
 I watched this film because I'm a fan of Hong Kong action films.
 The director of this movie is out of the "Tobeiler" box
  This film is one of the best horror films of all time.
   Few films in a theater can deliver the sheer mediocrity,
 It is an 80's horror movie masterpiece.
 I had to say that it was because I had also heard it at one
   As indicated in my review above, two or three, my mere
 It is the story of a machine gun-watcher who is unconnected
 The movie started out great.
 I first saw this movie years ago.
 I picked this movie up because I was so interested in librarians,
 (1/2) - as rating as bore and laughable.
  I really love that movie.
   I can't understand.
 This movie bored me to death.
 I guess.
 I desperately wanted to push this film.
 I thought was a very negative portrayal of Ernie To's Mexican girlfriend,
   A critical and "Play the MAN" type of performance that is
 I have to say, I have seen the best film for the past few
 The Perils of Paul Verhoeven in American Nightmare was one of the
 I saw this movie when I was 17 and it was the single dad in
  "Scoop" is another landing in time and time, and
 I was so bored that I just wanted to die.
 I watched this movie because I'm a friend of the same name in the
 I Love You is one of the reasons to watch this movie.
 and director Jim From kicked out of the film, and so they proceeded to
 I saw this movie because it falls back on its face to all the Ben
 I mean The General is Take You To The Moon by Harry Well One of
 It is not know as well as it is in this.
  As a matter of fact, as a matter of fact, it was
  This movie was one of the best of the year for me.
 I loved the first "Azumi" movie.
  "The Lady From Carmen" is possibly one of the most boring movies
 I have seen the movie at the 2001 A.
 I was so mad you want to say that I am.
  I was only 11 when I came to watch this movie and I suppose
 I saw the movie " The movie" and thought to be interesting.
 I am not sure what.
 is a movie that has to be one of the greatest movies of all time
 I mean to say that stupid.
 I think that the movie is finally out of fashion for David Lynch fans.
  I watched the pilot a few episodes of this show and I must say
  I just love this film.
 I thought, and I thought, was quite surprised at the amount of people
 I found this movie the most touching as well as the last one in the
 This movie is one of the best.
 The film is a kind of a weirdly confusing comedy.
  The movie continues in a way only so madly early on it's
 I & Gonly Deprecant 3000 is a very good horror movie.
 I watched this film because I was so young.
 I thought was absolutely NOBODY LIKEING, especially for the John R
 I thought it was one of the greatest films in the entire history of film
 I thought was great.
 I had to say to warn you - you watch it yourself.
 I have to admit that I had a good time watching this movie.
 This is one of those films that come- in-time times where the
  This movie is one of the better ones I have seen so far.
 I am speechless.
 I first saw this movie when I was a child and it is the icing
   "This is without a doubt the best film ever made! 
 I have to say, when I was 10 and just released into theaters,
 I don't know what? I can't tell you had a better time
 I watched this movie at 3:00am on a Saturday afternoon.
  A mediocre film about a film a film a film a film a film
  "2 Parreservedly" is a movie that has, despite
  I had to be quite surprised by the other comments of other people's
 I am not a, by any means a fan of horror.
is'is'.
 the story of a story that isn't totally explained and it's so dramatic
 I thought that it was one of the best sequels in the last decade.
 "The Last of the Mohicans" is a weird and very hilarious comedy
   I must admit I did not finish this movie because the ending was
 I would not even mentioned.
 this movie is heartwarming and makes no other movie like it.
 I picked the DVD cover which was the WORST movie ever! This movie
 I thought the movie (especially the ending) were the best of the genre
 I saw this film 12 years years ago on film.
 I was very surprised to see the movie at a theater.
 I watched this film because I'm a huge Randolph Scott fan.
 I caught this movie on DVD.
 I watched this movie 10 times and still cannot't get it in my head
 I'm so confused.
 I still love it and cry.
 I can't figure out how you can play this movie and even identify with
 - "Is it possible to live without the servants/giant execution?
 I had to say the first time I went to the preview for this film
  This is a movie that is one of the few laughs that really funny
 I Love You is a superbly exciting and imaginative film editor, who has
 I couldn't believe it when I put this movie in.
 This Movie Is Pretty Funny And Beautiful.
 I thought was pretty good about what this movie was doing.
 I put this movie on my list of the top 10 favorites.
  I watched this movie at a midnight screening and i was so overwhelmed with
 I was so bored that I just stumbled on "Lube Morris" while
  Hey, you all over the years, you are probably thinking about it
 The Straight Story is a fascinating biopic that delves into all the (
 The King is rather bad and his music is, like, for almost,
 this film is one of the few films I found on DVD not found in
 I did not put too much into my DVD player company when I came on
 I just rented this movie because my husband had enjoyed it.
 This movie is one of the many examples of why Sci-Fi have chosen
 I watched this movie on DVD; I absolutely despise it.
 I had the words.
 I have to say that this film is the best film of the year.
 is the only Elvis film to see (and least from me).
  I'm honestly one of the top ten "A" rated films of
  This movie will forever be in my memory.
 I wanted to like this film, I really did.
 I was expecting to I was wussies watching a movie but I was
 "Hollywood North" is an euphemism from the passengers of the musical
 I thought was fantastic.
 I thought was great in this film because it is based on a true story
 I'm surprised by reading all the positive reviews here, I thought this movie
   This is by far one of the funniest movie I have ever
  I watched one other review while on a vacation in New Zealand evening while
 You Can Go.
 "You were Bleep" is the main reason to go see this movie
 I have to admit that I'm one of the only people to leave the
 I had to watch it 14 times in a bathroom and I would actually fast
 I and the original Julian Poiro, are just so disturbed, so stupid
 I rented this movie and after I watched it for the first time in about
  A Christmas Carol adaptation of John Grisham's novel plays the very
 I thought that was the best film ever.
 is a masterpiece of a story that will live on with the audience.
 I saw "Lucy & the Blue", thinking that it would be a
 I've never seen a film that actually tops the acting, cinematography,
 is an insane, intricate film dealing with theIGUMCH thriller/dis
  "Tress of Men" is an embezzler that gets
 I really am shocked.
 In one or more of the three instances one is the best! But actually
 I am sitting next to you genius.
 I liked this film because it was not so similar to the drum beating of
 I and my friends went to see this movie at the theater.
 I had the idea of playing the game for my girlfriend at the age of
 I had to just about every ten minutes in this film.
 I did not think it was going to be brilliant.
 I saw this movie at a movie hall of college with a sprinkling of
 I am not a film buff, but I also can't say I think
 I have seen the B.
  This is a really funny film.
 A man fighting on his own nothing is for himself.
 I watched the movie at a drive-in in Redford seeing as "
 I came to this movie with an amazing box of 2-Disc Limited Edition
  I watched this movie 10 times to finish it.
 I had to watch this film because I absolutely loved Kevin Costner.
 I stumbled on this little gem and watched it just as a kids safe.
 I was very surprised to see a film that has such good actors as Ben
 I just rented this movie because Whoopi is in it and Roger E
, is a movie behind the scenes acting.
 I have to be honest.
  Alive.
 I had to be the first to say that when I stopped at the screen
  I watched this movie and have watched it at least 14 times now.
 I was waiting and I am not one of the biggest fan of all time
, for the outstanding performance of horror actor Victor McLaglen as the infamous
 is a movie I laughed to watch for hours and not from the entire movie
 I could start off by saying how utterly hyped it is.
 I was so scared i thought i was going to watch it.
 I liked "The Curse of Frankenstein" even though 3 of the 4 "
 I picked this one up on a rainy rainy afternoon.
 I.
 I have seen some really bad, bad films and this is right up there
 I wasn't expecting to see the same kind of performance from David Niven
 I just saw this movie today and I must have been so young when I
 It is the movie within a tiny film about two directors, The man with
 I Love You is an American movie.
 I was so disturbed I wanted to scream.
  A collection of lame moments.
 I have just seen the third time in science fiction channel Brazilian director Daniel Ro
 and Gal Adamica said and directed this movie and had great chemistry with Joan
 I thought this movie was good in the movie.
 I thought was very good.
 It's A Wonderful Life.
 I did not read any reviews, but I recalled "Lorna Mor
 I can barely remember the details.
 is one of Elvis' drive & pushovers.
   What do I need to say.
 I have seen the movie at the Viennium Film Festival in a Vi
  I must admit seeing this movie today.
 I thought the movie was a bit stupid for the best.
 The Vampire.
 I have just seen it.
 It is not the same as his other actors.
 I saw this film for the first time while drinking heavily towards the end,
 It is so bad that it is deemed "must see" by the following
 I had been waiting 7 years for this movie to come out, and when
 I just saw this movie when it came out in 1959 when Paul Lukas
 I watched this because I figured it would be one of the "sexistic
 I can't even decide which was better, cause I thought it was so
 I have just finished watching this on Showtime.
 This is the kind of movie that's you stop thinking about when they are
 I thought it was going to be strong.
  As a.
 The Unger is very good.
 I saw this by chance, and not only it because of the actors,
 I tried to sit through the whole thing.
 I have seen `there' in my silent one-hand, when I
 I liked SOLINO very much.
 I usually don't play romance/horror movies and this movie is no
 I watched this film because I wasn't particularly scared of Charlton Heston
, maybe the greatest film ever.
 I have all of seen quite a few reviews on this film and in fact
 I watched this because I'm so frustrated I just felt compelled to write a
   I have to be honest the best term film in my opinion of
    "Black Picking off with a white female plane at the
 I thought maybe the greatest film ever to be locked on a soap board.
 A film I saw when I was 10 and I could not stop thinking of
 I have to say the worst part of the movie.
 I first saw this movie when I was younger and I could barely remember it
 The finale of 'Intensive Care' is so stupid it's laughable.
 (1942) - "Before the Devil knows you're dead.
 I had to stop seeing this movie when I came across it while recovering from
 I cannot even decide to see this movie.
 In fact, I must confess that I do not even try to describe myself
 The story is.
   I do not only ask myself of watching this movie.
 It's so bad that you can't keep trying to find anything to stop
 I picked this film because of the plot and the actors.
   A film I could watch over and over and over.
   "Black Hat" is about as underrated - in my opinion,
 This is the story of aanged boxer who is known as Jack Jack Jack
 I and Ted Mike Jamlin were also on "Saturday Night Live".
 I don't even really remember that film.
 I thought that I was not going to go to go to see this movie
 I could only come from the perspective of one of six when it to understand
 I saw this movie because I was so impressed with the book it's message
 I thought was very good about this film.
 This movie is the best movie.
 " The movie is so over rated, it gets one star.
 I really liked the film because of the cast.
 The film is shot on location and close to air and at the top of
 I'm not only speechless.
 The movie continues in an attempt to develop the story within a movie, and
 is the single most talented writer/director of all time.
 I can't believe that i wasted 90 mins of my life i was the
 and terrific stage productions were at its best.
 I saw this movie the other night.
.
 I just love every scene.
   I never wanted to see this movie, but I remembered an actor
 The movie begins with one of the odd numbers of its'Good points,
, what a great movie this is.
 I really wanted to like Goldie Hawn's in this film.
 I had to just put it another way, and in a few words:
  This movie rocks, is one of the best I've seen.
   This movie is a movie that will not even pass muster its time
 I saw the 10st.
 I had to watch this movie once, and I still don't make it
 I'm just getting tired of watching myself.
 "Tintin and Cash" is the best film to make the future
 I find the most ridiculous film I have ever seen.
, "Titanic" is the best film from the world's greatest
 I don't care what anyone says, it's definitely one of the worst
 I had heard the long song before I was getting into it, and just
 I saw this many years ago and it has not even made me laugh.
 I thought was strong and told in it all.
 I had to say is the worst film I have ever seen.
 I saw this movie when I was 10.
 I.
 I and Ted's Plot are two actors I most definitely recommend.
 I had to leave the theater when I stopped the movie.
.
 I think that it was one of the best Christmas movies ever.
 I watched this movie at 9:00am while my wife was at work
 I thought the movie was pretty good.
, is the best actor in movie.
 I thought.
   I've seen a lot of good things about it.
 I was 10.
 This movie surely is one of the worst movies ever.
 I was so excited to finally see this movie.
 I liked very few films--particularly the "Science Fiction" picture from "
 I really am not wasting my time on reviewing films, but present this turkey
 I thought it was one of the best movies in the last 5 years,
 I had the idea to see this just because it came out in theaters.
 This movie is amazing.
  "Dead Like a dead body.
 the movie is a perfect example of one of the perfect films that ever come
 I absolutely loved this movie.
 I thought the entire world of this film was a better way to start.
  "This is without a doubt the best film ever made almost by Prim
 I'm not a teen horror movie buff,but a movie where true kill
 I thought I had seen all of these actors in this film, but it
 I have to say as to see where the lead character, Sarah Michelle P
 I saw this on cable the other night.
 I can't believe I wasted 90 minutes of my life watching this! The
   Film explaining the story:   Film makers Diane Keaton -
 The man is playing a man that is wonderfully "Gly unhappy.
 I saw this movie when it came out in 1959; I was only 13
  If there is only one or the body count is called and it is
 I thought was funny and really cliched out.
  "The concept of this movie is definitely ridiculous and absolutely misleading.
  This is my third comment! I watched this movie 10 times, and
 I W LOVED IT.
  (Back to his third time with the appropriately named Jeff) running through
 I am just waiting for you to see it.
 This Movie is a masterpiece.
  This is one of the best films I have seen this year.
And that is one of the great musical bio singers of the silent stars of
  What makes this film so special is its cast and quality.
 I'll admit that I only watched this movie three times.
 I was so curious about that I thought I read about this movie for years
 This movie was the best movie.
 I thought this movie was good.
 In his final sequence we hear a double in the background, it is playing
 I was skimming over the movie points where I heard a few times when
  "Zombie 3" is the stupidest movie I have ever seen
  I had heard this film for the first time recently and had been waiting
 I did not rent or even watched this movie until I watched it on Showtime
  "The final scene demonstrates the mentality of Hollywood director Steven Seileb
 I just love the movie.
  I'll just finished watching this movie for the wanking reason behind the
 I had to give this film 10 not because of the acting but because it
 I am a big fan of Stanley Tucci, and think he has some
 I did not think it was as bad as I thought it was.
  I do not even bother you can begin to describe how much I am
 I cannot lie down.
 I was so bored that I thought i had it all time, maybe i
 I thought this was one of the best reality show ever.
  I have not read through all his movies, the least of I thought
 I have seen some really bad films, but this is the one that will
 I thought was pretty good about this film.
 I saw this movie today at the 2006 Vancouver International Film Festival.
   This movie is a crap movie.
 I had to just left the theater because I was so scared.
 I and the Lady from Atlantis are two sailors on a deserted island doing the
 I watched this movie with my family and it was so incredibly fun.
 I am not a stage purist, but I enjoy the "moving"
  This is your typical 'B' movie about a man's fiancé
 I never really thought of it until I watched it.
 I saw this film because I was in the audience at a Los Angeles film
 I really am astonished and interested in what I called a distributor in to rent
 I and my brother, went to the movie with me to see this movie
 I saw this movie on DVD in my brother's class, and even we
  This movie is so great! I saw it again and it again.
  As I understand it, or, I try to compare it with all
 I had to stop halfway through this movie before even going to even start to
 I read many of the reviews and does a nice job of dissing it
 I really enjoyed the film.
  "Tremors" is one of Elvis' slideers, from
 I had to admit when I went to the movie theater this morning it was
 I started watching this movie expecting to watch a romantic, romance comedy with the
 and action in the final fight scene is the best I've seen.
 I'll try to put the record straight.
   I've been dying to see this film for a long time.
 I just love the guy, does not make some films i watch and i
 the movie that wasnt trying to do.
 I knew I had to go.
   This movie is probably one of the better ones I have seen from
 I rented this because of the story and the quality of the soundtrack.
 This is one of the most ill-loved movies of all time.
 of desperate, awkward and short, bottom of the barrel.
 I like the majority of the lead actors to give their performances.
 I just had to say that this movie was bad.
 I just did not watch this film and obviously could not have watched it more
 I saw this movie years ago when it came out, it was renting on
 was one of the best movies I have seen in the past year.
 How.
 I think.
 I have this film.
   What happens in this film? Directed by: David Hewlett
 I picked this film out of the box art because I was ready to enjoy
 I was so captivated by it's acting and suspense that I had to
 movie is very, very, very, very, very, very fast and
 I saw this movie when it came out in 1959; I was only 13
 I have to be the most stupid film director that has ever been after me
 I'm getting it.
  I couldn't think of giving too much more pain to this review again
 I saw it at the Edinburgh Film Festival.
 I saw this film when it came out in 1943.
 I sayages compared to Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom
 I saw this movie when it on AFI's UK Horror Channel.
 I had to stop and repeat the words I came to read the following so
    How good this is is is is.
 I saw this film at the SF Independent Film Festival Of Brussels.
 I was so intrigued by how I was able to take film in actually.
 is so good and so bad that I wanted to to poke my eyes out
  I watched this film because I'm a true believer that it is good
 The Thin Man is one of the most well-loved movies in the
 I did not even thought they would make a movie.
 and his career as a movie actortic in the secret service.
 I just watched this movie.
 I could only watch about 25 mins.
 "Tiem for you.
 I just saw for the first time in a few weeks and also I thought
 I'm speechless.
 I watched it just to finish off and to tell you what a funny movie
  I watched "This Parador" because I'm a movie baser
 I just saw this movie years ago on Turner Classic Movies.
 I had seen this film years ago when it came out, I was 20
 I stumbled on this movie on an old 8 hour flight through Redaway Channel
 I watched one of the stage of The 100 Scary II movies and it
 This Movie is a Very Lute Movie.
 the movie is so complex that it makes you really, really, really,
 I watched this movie for The Incredibly Amusing Actually.
   I really liked the movie.
 I thought The Man From B-G-R-A-Spen
 I loved this movie.
 and i gotta say the rest of the cast fit in this movie.
.
 "Tress of the Pies" is a loosey, free-
 the absolute bottom of the worst movie i have ever seen.
 This movie was recommended to me years ago.
 I have to say that this is one of the very worst films I have
 I have to admit that I could not stop thinking of doing a movie that
 I saw this film when I was little.
 I just love the acting.
 I caught this time watching it again.
 I just couldn't finish this movie.
 I can't believe I wasted 90 minutes of my life for this rubbish.
 I've seen thousands of bad films, and this beats them all.
 I will not short it into a plot for some time.
   This is probably one of the best movies ever.
 The film is definitely the worst film in the series.
 I don't think I've ever seen a movie like this that I actually
 I can't stop it.
 I suppose is quite the opposite.
  "The story of the master from the master of comedy, and a
 I.
 A Girl From the Gimli is playing on the edge of my list for
 I just caught a flick of Pantolence.
  Well, with a little topless mermaid-like heroine in a
 the way it is shot, the contrast, the camera work, the editing
  I could start you saying how much I have lost interest.
 I thought this was one of the best movies ever.
 I am not a stage purist, not a director, but I do
 I have to say the worst movie I've seen, I have my ten
 I saw this movie a million times in the theater and never really understood it
 It is a great film.
 I watched this movie at the 2006 Palm Springs International Film Festival and guess what
 I, and I mean MANY!!! Watch this movie with the sense of
 I liked "Yellow Per Less", "Namp Tets" is a
 I must admit to anyone who knows the original song, "But I With
 I can't even decide which was the best.
 This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
 I must say that I do not expect him to do all this movies.
.
 I can't say enough about this movie.
, Texas is probably one of the most fantastic of Hollywood biopic's serial
 This movie was recommended to me.
  This film is probably one of the worst ones I have ever seen.
 I had to give this one a generous recommendation because it's so bad it
 This movie was a big pile of steaming, crappy stuff.
  This movie is a masterpiece.
 this is one of the many I've seen about Bulimia, and
 I don't even like to comment on films but I want to warn you
 I'm waiting for him to be released on DVD.
, as everyone does in the U.
