I thought was going to say plain funny.
I liked it so much better than the 1954 version.
This movie was so great.
I thought that it was one of the best sequels in the last decade.
I could start you saying how much I have lost interest.
I watched it with my family and it was so disturbing.
I'm surprised when I was in the company.
I can't believe what these people thought they were trying to see it.
I was just not laughing once.
I watched this movie for The Incredibly Amusing Actually.
I saw this movie when it was playing in the theater in St.
I was bored to think about how stupid this movie was.
Director Sam P.
this movie is heartwarming and makes no other movie like it.
This movie is one of my all time favorite movies.
I watched this movie 10 times in the theater and never missed a scene.
I saw this movie when it came out in 1959.
I just love the story and i like the characters.
This is your typical Crown International Pictures horror.
I just saw this movie.
I desperately wanted to push this film.
I liked the best scene so far.
I just caught a flick of Pantolence.
I'll try to put the record straight.
How good this is is is is.
I caught this time watching it again.
I, and anyone else in the cast, saw it coming.
I just saw this movie on TV.
I knew I had to go.
I've watched and definitely the entire time I started watching it.
I thought was pretty good about what this movie was doing.
The man is playing a man that is wonderfully "Gly unhappy.
I first saw this movie years ago.
I've seen the 1st of the great ones.
" The movie is so over rated, it gets one star.
I thought the lead actress in Descent was the best in the movie.
I did not think it was going to be brilliant.
is the director's debut film.
I watched this film because I'm a huge Randolph Scott fan.
I just saw it.
This movie was one of the best of the year for me.
I saw this many years ago and it has not even made me laugh.
I Love You is one of the reasons to watch this movie.
I'm not only speechless.
(1/2) - as rating as bore and laughable.
I watched this movie the other day a third time.
This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
is the best movie I've seen in the past year.
I thought was as good as they come in this movie.
I would not put this in my top 10.
